some 138 a psalm of david i will praise
some 138 a psalm of david i will praise you with my whole heart before the gods
you with my whole heart before the gods
you with my whole heart before the gods I will sing praises to you I will
I will sing praises to you I will
I will sing praises to you I will worship toward your holy temple and
worship toward your holy temple and
worship toward your holy temple and praise your name for your loving
praise your name for your loving
praise your name for your loving kindness and your truth for you have
kindness and your truth for you have
kindness and your truth for you have magnified your word above all your name
magnified your word above all your name
magnified your word above all your name in the day when I cried out you answered
in the day when I cried out you answered
in the day when I cried out you answered me and made me bold with strength in my
me and made me bold with strength in my
me and made me bold with strength in my soul all the kings of the earth shall
soul all the kings of the earth shall
soul all the kings of the earth shall praise you O Lord when they hear the
praise you O Lord when they hear the
praise you O Lord when they hear the words of your mouth yes they shall sing
words of your mouth yes they shall sing
words of your mouth yes they shall sing of the ways of the Lord for great is the
of the ways of the Lord for great is the
of the ways of the Lord for great is the glory of the Lord though the Lord is on
glory of the Lord though the Lord is on
glory of the Lord though the Lord is on high yet he regards the lowly but the
high yet he regards the lowly but the
high yet he regards the lowly but the proud he knows from afar
proud he knows from afar
proud he knows from afar though I walked in the midst of trouble
though I walked in the midst of trouble
though I walked in the midst of trouble you will revive me you will stretch out
you will revive me you will stretch out
you will revive me you will stretch out your hand against the wrath of my
your hand against the wrath of my
your hand against the wrath of my enemies and your right hand will save me
enemies and your right hand will save me
enemies and your right hand will save me the Lord will perfect that which
the Lord will perfect that which
the Lord will perfect that which concerns me your mercy O Lord endures
concerns me your mercy O Lord endures
concerns me your mercy O Lord endures forever
forever
forever do not forsake the works of your hands
do not forsake the works of your hands
do not forsake the works of your hands [Music]